Runner improvements (#242)
iterative/cml.dev: content/docs/ref/runner.md

```

</tab>
<tab title="GCP">

[GCP Managed Roles](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/understanding-roles#compute-engine-roles):
- `roles/compute.admin`
- `roles/iam.serviceAccountUse`

**For example** this could potentially be further limited to:
```
compute.diskTypes.get
compute.disks.create
compute.firewalls.create
compute.firewalls.delete
compute.globalOperations.get
compute.instances.create
compute.instances.delete
compute.instances.get
compute.instances.list
compute.instances.setMetadata
compute.instances.setServiceAccount
compute.instances.setTags
compute.machineTypes.get
compute.networks.create
compute.networks.get
compute.networks.updatePolicy
compute.subnetworks.use
compute.subnetworks.useExternalIp
compute.zoneOperations.get
compute.zones.get
compute.zones.list
iam.serviceAccounts.actAs
```

</tab>
</toggle>

You may also require additional permissions specific to your application (for example: object storage, private docker registries, and other cloud services).
These additional permissions should be managed separately, and exposed either as
independent credentials or via
[`--cloud-permission-set`](https://cml.dev/doc/ref/runner#--cloud-permission-set)

## Examples

> ### Using `--cloud-permission-set`

Reviewer: `-Wduplicate-title`

Could we merge both `### Using --cloud-permission-set` into one big section? What's the reason to keep them separate?

Author: Sorry Using Both `### Using --cloud-permission-set` and ??? into one section?

Reviewer: The heading `### Using --cloud-permission-set` currently appears twice in the file :)

Author: ```suggestion

```

  (you'd need to write your code to save intermediate results to take advantage
  of this).

> ## Cloud Permissions

Reviewer: kewl... bus seems like it could go under

```
### Using `--cloud-permission-set`
```

without needing a separate section title?

  (you'd need to write your code to save intermediate results to take advantage
  of this).

### Using `--cloud-permission-set`

> The credentials you use will need to access the resources required to create/manage Virtual Machinces for your chosen Cloud provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The credentials must grant access to resources needed for managing compute instances..
```

> In general it is best to use the provider manage premade policies, but to explicitly limit the credentials further is possible.

Author: time to figure out that Grammarly vscode extension or something 🙈

## Examples

### Using `--cloud-permission-set`

> Currently this feature is only implemented when using GCP or AWS.

You can predefine a set of permissions via an [AWS role]() or a
[GCP service account]() that is assosiated with the created `cml runner`
instance.

This can enable credentialless access to your `s3` or `gs` dvc remote.
Additionally, you can use this access other resources from that cloud provider
like AWS' Elastic Container Registry or GCP's Artifact Registry, so that you can
push and pull custom docker images.

Using AWS, other examples could include accessing data in:

- Secrets Manager
- DynamoDB
- Redshfit
- ECR (your private containers)

#### Example "Permission Sets"

<toggle>
<tab title="AWS">
Policy example:

```json
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Sid": "DVCAccess",
      "Action": "s3:*",
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::mydvcbucket/*"
    }
  ]
}
```

Trust relationships:

```json
{

>   "stuff": "here"

Author: 🙈 could have sworn I removed that

  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Sid": "CMLRunnerInstance",
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Principal": {
        "Service": "ec2.amazonaws.com"
      },
      "Action": "sts:AssumeRole"
    }
  ]
}
```

</tab>
<tab title="GCP">

> > Caveat for `--cloud-permission-set` on GCP: using this feature will likely
> > require and additional role be added to your `cml runner` credentials
> > `roles/ServiceAccountUser` or ensure the invoker has the permission
> > `iam.serviceAccount.actAs` on the targeted Service Account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<admon type="info">

Using `--cloud-permission-set` will likely require:

- an additional role be added to your `cml runner` credentials
`roles/ServiceAccountUser`,
- ensuring the invoker has the permission
`iam.serviceAccount.actAs` on the targeted Service Account.

</admon>
```

   replacing the `IP_ADDRESS` placeholder with the instance address returned by
   `cml runner` (search the output logs for `instanceIp`).

> ### Using `--cloud-startup-script`

Reviewer: would swap the `### Using --cloud-ssh-private` and `### Using --cloud-startup-script` section order

Author: swapped

   replacing the `IP_ADDRESS` placeholder with the instance address returned by
   `cml runner` (search the output logs for `instanceIp`).

### Using `--cloud-startup-script`

Provide a Base64 encoded bash script that will be executed as part of the instance provisioning for `cml runner`. Your script will be run after `cml runner` does it's initial setup but before your runner becomes available to the CI/CD provider.

<admon type="info">

The execution of this script counts towards the "provisioning time" of the `cml runner` command, as such if it(total time) takes longer that 10 minutes, then provisioning is considered failled, the instance will be deleted, and the CI/CD job will exit with a failed state.

</admon>

### Basic Usage
The simplest example can be seen as this:
```
cml runner ...

>   --cloud-startup-script=IyEvYmluL2Jhc2ggCgplY2hvICJoZWxsbyB3b3JsZCIK \

Author: What's different, the whitespace/line ends?

>   --cloud-startup-script=IyEvYmluL2Jhc2ggCgplY2hvICJoZWxsbyB3b3JsZCIK \

Author: ahh there was an extra space, thanks `xxd`

  ...
```
where `IyEvYmluL2Jhc2ggCgplY2hvICJoZWxsbyB3b3JsZCK` is:
```bash
#!/bin/bash

echo "hello world"
```

### Debugging example
For a more useful example to help you debug your job or `cml runner` see below, which will add you ssh keys the cml instance.
```
cml runner ...

>   --cloud-startup-script=$(echo 'echo "$(curl https://github.com/'"$GITHUB_ACTOR"'.keys)" >> /home/ubuntu/.ssh/authorized_keys' | base64 -w 0) \
>   ...
> ```
> This example is in the context of GitHub Actions, hence the `$GITHUB_ACTOR` i.e. the GitHub username for the [person who triggered the workflow](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/environment-variables#default-environment-variables).
> 
> Now GitHub lists user's Public SSH and GPG keys for convenience/verifcation as an example you can see: [SSH example](https://github.com/casperdcl.keys) or [GPG example](https://github.com/dacbd.gpg).
> 
> So this line essentially results in: 
> ```
> curl https://github.com/YOURUSERNAME.keys >> ~/.ssh/authorized_keys
> ``` 

Reviewer: I think this is cleaner?

````suggestion
  --cloud-startup-script=$(echo 'echo "$(curl https://github.com/${{ github.actor }}.keys)" >> /home/ubuntu/.ssh/authorized_keys' | base64 -w 0) \
  ...
```

<admon type="info">

GitHub Actions will [replace `${{ github.actor }}` with the username of the person who triggered the workflow](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/contexts#github-context). Conveniently, GitHub (and GitLab) provide a URL to access a user's public SSH keys. In effect the above command runs:

```bash
curl https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME.keys >> ~/.ssh/authorized_keys
```

in the cloud instance.

</admon>

````

> Running during instance creation enabling you to ssh into the job to capture logs or to poke around.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enables easy SSH access into the runner for debugging as well as experimentation.
```

> > The double `echo` is to handle base64'ing the script properly: `echo "$string" | base64 -w 0`

Reviewer: I guess not needed

```suggestion
```

> #### This vs `--cloud-ssh-private`
> Understand that `cml runner` uses ssh to check the readiness of the provisioned runner as well as assign a ssh key-pair to the created instance. Normally it will generate its own key to be used. 
> `--cloud-ssh-private` allows you to use a pre-exisiting key for this (not generating a whole new key-pair).
> Which `cml runner` will use this key to connect to the instance to preform the readiness check.
> 
> This example doesn't require a copy of a private key and is inter changeable for users with no changes to the command.
> Additionally, if you are running a job from your CI/CD system, this method doesn't require storing your private key as a secert in order to gain access to the created instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<admon type="info">

By comparison, [`--cloud-ssh-private`](https://cml.dev/doc/ref/runner#--cloud-ssh-private) relies on a local user-generated *private* key and is only supported on AWS and Azure.

</admon>
```
